UDT schema (#1404)
radius-project/docs: docs/content/reference/resource-schema/udt/index.md

---
type: docs

> title: "User Defined Type Resource schemas"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "User Defined Resource Type Schema"
```

> linkTitle: "User Defined Types"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkTitle: "User Defined Resource Type"
```

> description: "Schema docs for the resources of user defined type that can comprise a Radius Application"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Schema reference document for a User defined Resource Type"
```

categories: "Schema"
weight: 100
---

> ## User defined types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Schema Format
```
Lets make sure to do Camel casing for headings

> ## User defined types

Reviewer: I think of this as just a reference document for a UDT schema with a structure like below. We can reference this doc in tutorial and how-tos we create on UDT

# Overview 
 - what this doc provides 
# Schema Format
- postgres example

# Top-level Properties
- explanation of the top-level properties for the resource-type
# Schema Properties 
- explanation of the schema properties for the resource-type

wdyt of the structure ?

Author: added the new structure

## schema

`schema` holds the description of the structural schema for new resource type use using [Open API v3](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.2.md#schema-object)

| Key | Description |
|-----|-------------|
| **type**| type of `schema`. This is always object, representing a open API v3 object  | 
| [**properties**](#properties)| properties which are valid for a resource of the specified resource type| 
| **required** | list of properties that are required for a resource | 

### properties

| Key | Description | Example |
|-----|-------------|---------|
| [**property name**](#property-name)| A property name. Property names MUST be strings and SHOULD conform to the regular expression: ^[a-zA-Z0-9\.\-_]+$.| logging-verbosity |

### property name

| Key | Description | Example |
|-----|-------------|---------|
| **type**| type of the value of property. This can be any primitive type defined in  [Open API v3 data types](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification/blob/main/versions/3.0.2.md#data-types) OR an array OR a map | [examples](#examples) |

> #### Examples

Reviewer: Are we trying to tell what we support from the openAPI format ?

> ##### primitive type property

Reviewer: I don't understand what this is. May be some details would be helpful
